---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Pull requests and changes made in tenth week
badges: true
categories: [Summary]
comments: false
title: ▸ Week 10 Summary
---

## Introduction
This post is meant to be a reference for the work I've done during the tenth week. 

## Week 10
I have spent most of this week's time improving the RcppDeepState Action and fixing the existing editable-functions of RcppDeepState. 

Regarding RcppDeepState-action:
* began addressing the issue caused by GitHub's comment size limit. I fixed that by truncating the error table provided in the Action's comment. In the coming week, I intend to add another step to the Action that uploads an artifact file containing the entire report file if it is truncated;
* built a new tagging mechanism for the Docker Hub integration. When the docker image is updated on a branch other than `main`, the action will upload the image to Docker Hub with the tag `devel`. When the `main` branch, on the other hand, is updated, the action will push the image with the `latest` tag. The goal of this new functionality is to keep the GitHub branching method intact. 

In terms of RcppDeepState:
* resolved the issue where the unit test name was generated according to the directory containing the test. Instead the test should be named as the analyzed package name, otherwise providing a custom test to the GitHub Action will fail, in search of a test named `workspace_function`. This happens because the package is located inside `/github/workspace/`;
* improved the existing editable-functions functionalities. Before to this change generation and checks harnesses were wrongly generated.
* Removed the user prompt inside `deepstate_compile_generate_fun` and `deepstate_compile_checks_fun`. Before to this change, these function waited for user input in the case of a non-defined range or missing assert conditions, respectively, and asked the user whether to continue or not with the creation.

In terms of RcppDeepState: 
* fixed the problem where the unit test name was generated according to the directory in which the test was located. Instead, the test should be named with the package name followed by the function being analyzed; otherwise, giving a custom test to the GitHub Action will fail since RcppDeepState is looking for a test named `workspace_function`. This is due to the package's location underneath `/github/workspace/`. The package name now is retrieved from the `DESCRIPTION` file. 
* enhanced the existing editable-functions functionalities. Prior to this update, generation and check harnesses were generated incorrectly.
* Removed the user prompt from the `deepstate_compile_generate_fun` and `deepstate_compile_checks_fun` functions. Prior to this update, these functions waited for user input in the case of a non-defined range or missing assert conditions, and asked the user whether or not to continue with the compilation of the test harness. 


### Reference
Pull requests:
* [Harness unit test name](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState/pull/19)
* [Editable functions](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState/pull/20)
* [Report size exceeds the maximum GitHub comment size](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState-action/pull/10)
* [Docker Hub tags problem](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState-action/pull/12)
* [(binsegRcpp) Check rcppdeepstate](https://github.com/tdhock/binsegRcpp/pull/13)

Issues:
* [what to do when auto comments are too large?](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState-action/issues/5)
* [Docker Hub integration trigger event](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState-action/issues/11)
