---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Pull requests and changes made in sixth week
badges: true
categories: [Summary]
comments: true
title: ▸ Week 6 Summary 
---

## Introduction
This post is meant to be a reference for the work I've done during the sixth week. 


## Week 6
After the creation of a RcppDeepState GitHub Action prototype of the previous week, I managed to organize my week spending some time working on RcppDeepState and the rest of the time improving the existing GitHub Action prototype. 

#### RcppDeepState 
I started by doing some improvements to the RcppDeepState's logs, printing for each function not analyzed, the list of parameters that fall out of the allowed list. I also added a `verbose` parameter to all the functions that generates some textual output. This option is used to offer more detailed information if set to `TRUE`. 

Additionally, I discovered that RcppDeepState did not execute the analysis of a package containing a function with an argument of type `Rcpp::String` since this datatype is not one that is supported. To fill this gap, I added a method that creates a random `Rcpp::String` to the `RcppDeepState.h` header file. 


#### RcppDeepState Action
On the Action side, I implemented the exit codes allowing the Action to report a fail status if the RcppDeepState's analysis discovers any issues. If no errors have been detected, the analysis script produces a status code of 0, and if at least one issue has been discovered by RcppDeepState, it returns a status code of 1.

I also extended the Action's input arguments, providing programmers more flexibility over the RcppDeepState options. The following input parameters have been introduced
* `seed`: input parameter that will be used as an input seed for deterministic fuzz testing;
* `time_limit`: used to control the time which the fuzzing phase will be run;
* `max_inputs`: used to provide a maximum number of inputs to analyze

### Reference
Pull requests:
* [Harness creation improvements](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState/pull/5) [<span style="color:purple">closed</span>]
* [Logging improvements](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState/pull/9) [<span style="color:green">still open</span>]
* [Rcpp string support ](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState/pull/11) [<span style="color:green">still open</span>]
* [First prototype](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState-action/pull/1) [<span style="color:purple">closed</span>]
* [Exit codes](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState-action/pull/2) [<span style="color:purple">closed</span>]
* [Input arguments](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState-action/pull/3) [<span style="color:green">still open</span>]

Issues:
* [Missing Rcpp Strings support](https://github.com/FabrizioSandri/RcppDeepState/issues/10) [<span style="color:purple">closed</span>]